what's up FX is Stefan igniter from
androtech a black sweater huh and with
me i got the mink around for galaxy
nexus gsm unfortunate is not support
verizon and sprint so let's pick down
but all you gsm sets a big thumbs up
like me so I the way one thing that is
the most noticeable and why you would
download this is because it comes with
franco.kernel it comes built in so I'll
spin a little bit more a little bit
right away you got the camera online and
Google not like any other rom and sacre
once you get in it looks pretty normal
which it is there's nothing really fancy
about this as you can see you don't got
a 14 with your toggle or the forward to
talk on my bed and everything is pretty
stock um the only big difference is the
franco.kernel surely let's take a look
at it's actually installed with
franco.kernel as you can see right there
you got 4.1 and franco.kernel right
there and the build is version 3 if
you're wondering about that too so one
major difference is gonna be the
franco.kernel which makes this phone and
performance much faster now i can't
really show you only with the quadrant
scores which i will get to bit get to
there in a little bit but the only thing
that you can actually notice is that it
is really smooth really fast and sleep
now jelly bean have already made it fast
and sleep but you can notice a little
bit faster and sleeper because of
franco.kernel which offers amazing
battery life and offers amazing
performance as well so if your
performance or even a better look like
very savor life person it doesn't matter
you must get this from or Colonel you
can install either or so i had
recommended for anyone together sorry
let's just do a quadrant score shake and
actually show you the score of it no i'm
not i'm not overclocking or underclock
me this is just pure straight of them
it's straight out installing it salty
back once it's done
alright it's complete so let's take a
look at it so your device all right
that's that's pretty good it divides in
third place 2865 give that a few seconds
and you can probably see it a little bit
but score 2865 so that is not a bad
score and I bet you if you'd have the
franco.kernel it'd be much slower to
probably be around here but it's
actually in third place two down from
HTC One X which is in first place is
Tran asu's transformers in a second and
then our device is on third so that's a
great score I would highly recommend you
get this round now unfortunately I can't
show you any of the features because it
is just basically stock with the
franco.kernel did built in but it's a
must-have for any type of person who
like saving battery and a person who
likes performance so I recommend you get
this this is probably one of my favorite
Rams except the only thing i don't like
about it is it is stock so if they had
some nice tweaks and mahata to it I
would appreciate it more but nonetheless
this is a great round I highly recommend
anyone getting as long as you want if as
long as you're comfortable stack and you
don't you don't care about the low
titles here and all there and you're
fine with this so I'll haven't went
anyone get it who's comfortable stack
but likes performance and saving battery
life either or so this is a big thumbs
up a very stable and gud ram as you can
notice a lot of more stable jelly bean
drums are coming out that's I'm doing
more rum reviews I only drama news for
all stable roms so thanks for watching
guys and I will tell you if it's not
stable thanks for watching guys you can
support me through Twitter Facebook and
Google+ those are off also great places
to get in contact link for any support
for any Android device all inside the
description and hopefully you subscribe
if you already haven't and give me a big
ol thumbs up see you next video